Add sensuctl dump reference (#1667)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.12/sensuctl/reference.md

`role` | `role-binding` | `silenced` | `user`
[`auth`][26] | | |

## Exporting resources

The `sensuctl dump` command allows you to export your resources to standard out or to a file. You can choose to export all of your resources or a subset of them based on a list of resource types. The `dump` command supports exporting in `wrapped-json` and `yaml`.

> _NOTE: When exporting users, the passwords for those users will not be displayed or end up in the resulting file. Operators must reset the password prior to using it with `sensuctl create`._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: Passwords are not included when exporting users. Operators must add the `password` attribute to any exported user resources before they can be used with `sensuctl create`._
```
